fix(content): Earth day jobs no longer offer unless you can land on Earth (#9715)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map planets.txt

	security 0.4

planet Earth

> 	# Earth attribute is required for earth day job location filters to filter out planets that you cannot land on. A better option is for "planet Earth" to not be replaced with a fixed destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	# "earth" attribute is used for "Earth Day" jobs as a workaround to fail the location filter when Earth is hostile.
```
Less wordy

> 	attributes factory "near earth" research tourism urban earth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes earth factory "near earth" research tourism urban
```
Attributes need to be in alphabetical order
